---
title: 100 Subscribers!
description: The 100 subscribers milestone announcement.
date: 2024-10-20 10:00:00 -600
pin: false
---

## 100 Subscribers

We did it! We finally hit 100 subscribers on the RevvBot channel. I didn't think we would hit it after 3 shorts uploaded. I want to spend some time talking about how I got this far, and my plans for the future.

My first video was released on June 21, 2024. The video was [Minecraft, but I can't say the letter Z](https://youtube.com/shorts/_0csUHC4CeI?feature=share). I was (and still am) new to the Minecraft YouTube community, and I tested the waters with that video. Within a day of it being uploaded, it 11 thousand views! After a week, it hit around 14 thousand. 

This gave me some motivation to keep making videos. However, I didn't have time to record, so it would take me until July 27, 2024 to upload my second video, which was [Minecraft, but I can't touch pink stained glass](https://youtube.com/shorts/Vg8otiuOzHY?feature=share). That one also did relatively good, getting around 11 thousand views in it's first day, also. Both of those videos got me about 50 subscribers, but I was only a few away from hitting 100, until I uploaded the third video.

The third video did very good, also getting 11 thousand views in the first day, (I am noticing a trend here), and getting me to the 100 subscriber milestone, and flying past that to around 170 subscribers. That video was [Minecraft, but I can't touch purple glazed terracotta](https://youtube.com/shorts/2kDoATRVWI0?feature=share).

---

Through my time here on YouTube, I have had tons of support, and I just wanted to thank everyone for that. I don't know when my next video will be out, (hopefully soon), but keep your eyes and ears open! I think that's all from me for now, once again, thank you, and goodbye!

<div>
- Revvbot
</div>